Add quorum and BDFL notes to the CoC (#1597)
zio/zio: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, age, religion, nationality, or
other such characteristics.

The ZIO project follows the [Scala Code of Conduct](https://www.scala-lang.org/conduct/), with

> adjustments with clarifications with regard to moderation that are detailed below.

Reviewer: I'd replace `adjustment with ...` with something like `with an additional clause regarding moderation elaborated [here](section_link)`.

> adjustments with clarifications with regard to moderation that are detailed below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
adjustments and clarifications with regard to moderation that are detailed below.
```

All participants, contributors and members are expected to follow the Scala Code of Conduct
when discussing the project on the available communication channels. If you are being harassed, 
please contact us immediately so that we can support you.

## Moderation and Steering Committee
 

> The ZIO project's group of moderators is the Steering Committee team. The members currently are:

Reviewer: I'd rephrase this as `The ZIO project is moderated by the Steering Committee team members:`.

Reviewer 3: Need to add @ghostdogpr to this list

Reviewer 3: and add @wi101

* Itamar Ravid (@iravid)
* John De Goes (@jdegoes)
* Kai (@neko-kai)
* Paul Shirshov (@pshirshov)
* Salar Rahmanian (@softinio)

The ZIO project requires that drastic moderation actions detailed in the code of 
conduct - for example, removing a user from the Gitter channel - be agreed upon

> a group of over 2/3rds of the steering committee.

Reviewer: It is kinda awkward to have 2/3 vote in a group of 5 :).

Reviewer 4: I propose adding Wiem to the steering committee.

Reviewer 5: /cc @wi101

Reviewer 2: crazy idea: 100%

Author: I hope that 2/3rds of 7-8 members (rounded up this is 5 members) is a large enough majority to not be sufficiently different from 100%, while still allowing for progress in the face of disagreements.

For any questions, concerns, or moderation requests please contact any member of
the project, or the people listed above.

## BDFL

> In addition to the above, the ZIO project's BDFL (benevolent dictator for life) is

Reviewer 3: Word it without use of the bdfl title/wording? 

Other idea is for the purpose of coc we all take turns as chair of the steering committee with this responsibility when steering cannot reach a decision with a clear majority which should be very rare and hopefully never.

> In addition to the above, the ZIO project's BDFL (benevolent dictator for life) is

Reviewer 3: Word it without use of the bdfl title/wording? 

Other idea is for the purpose of coc we all take turns as chair of the steering committee with this responsibility when steering cannot reach a decision with a clear majority which should be very rare and hopefully never.

> In addition to the above, the ZIO project's BDFL (benevolent dictator for life) is

Reviewer 6: Just word it more neutral. John can be the tie breaker but the phrasing is just not good... "BDFL" sounds non-democratic and anti-communal. What we want is for John to support the steering committee, not be a dictator.

> In addition to the above, the ZIO project's BDFL (benevolent dictator for life) is

Reviewer 7: Maybe Martin Odersky's role in the [Scala Improvement Process](https://docs.scala-lang.org/sips/sip-submission.html) and migration to Scala 3 is a good analogy, where he has a veto on decisions made by the committee? Hard to argue it is so terrible if it is used for governance of Scala itself.

> In addition to the above, the ZIO project's BDFL (benevolent dictator for life) is

Reviewer 5: "BDFL" is a safe-guard mechanism that would hopefully never be exercised, but it's important to state the expectations upfront.

If the steering committee wants to do one thing, and I want to do another, and we are unable to resolve our differences of opinion, what happens? We have to do something.

As projects become successful, they are subject to hostile takeovers. I saw that with Lars taking over the Scalaz project from Tony. I would not invest in this project like I have (untold hours and significant financial expense) if that were a remote possibility.

Having a BDFL will always rub people the wrong way, but it's a protection against things that matter to me very deeply—things that my founding and participation in this project have always been contingent on.

If I ever abuse BDFL for any reason, then it will be manifestly obvious, and I'd hope everyone I count as a friend would call me on that. I also hope that my long track record of keeping cool in any situation and never lashing out at anyone, no matter what they've done to me personally, will give people the confidence and trust they need to move forward.

> In addition to the above, the ZIO project's BDFL (benevolent dictator for life) is

Reviewer 8: Odersky himself is mentioned on the [Wikipedia page for BDFL](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benevolent_dictator_for_life) along with a lot of open source figures, so I don’t think it’s unreasonable John being BDFL for ZIO.

> In addition to the above, the ZIO project's BDFL (benevolent dictator for life) is

Reviewer 3: Agree with @jdegoes lets with BDFL I say

> In addition to the above, the ZIO project's BDFL (benevolent dictator for life) is

Author: I agree that the title "BDFL" has an anti-communal scent to it. But, I also trust John's ability to navigate conflict responsibly and to put ego aside. I also trust his ability to take criticism should we feel he abuses this position.

I had originally suggested this clause both for the above and because I am wary of hostile takeovers. Finally - I don't think we will need to exercise this clause, having 7-8 very able personas on board on the committee.

> In addition to the above, the ZIO project's BDFL (benevolent dictator for life) is

Reviewer 9: @iravid After reading the wikipedia entry it seems like a good fit, but... it did sound like asking for drama until I learned that is an already estabilished term. Perhaps a quote from wikiepedia explaining the term or rephrasing to something more neutral, like `founding Father of ZIO` would serve us better in getting the "right message" across?

> In addition to the above, the ZIO project's BDFL (benevolent dictator for life) is

Reviewer 9: @iravid 
Eg.
```
## Founding Father

In addition to the above the title Founding Father of ZIO project belongs to John De Goes (@jdegoes) indefinitely, owing to him originating the project and continued investments in it. While John adheres to the same code of conduct as everyone else, he is entitled to override moderation decisions made by the steering comittee.
```

appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, age, religion, nationality, or
other such characteristics.

The ZIO project follows the [Scala Code of Conduct](https://www.scala-lang.org/conduct/), with
an additional clause regarding moderation that is detailed below. All participants, contributors and 
members are expected to follow the Scala Code of Conduct when discussing the project on the available 

> communication channels. If you are being harassed, please contact us immediately so that we can support you.

Reviewer 10: I would suggest if we generalize this:
```suggestion
communication channels. If the code of conduct is violated by any one, please contact one of the moderators immediately. 
```
or we can mention the discouraged behaviors to avoid that are mentioned in the CoC 
What do you think?

Reviewer 11: I think the previous one is less formulaic and IMHO a bit more useful, because while violation of a CoC is a *proxy* for harmful behavior, harm itself is primary. We shouldn't think about violating a CoC as an offense in itself, but rather about CoC being a prescription for the community on what constitutes and how to deal with harmful behavior.

Reviewer 10: Yes, you're right while it is mentioned that ZIO follows CoC it should be clear to respect all the statement there and the sentence like before makes sense too :).

John De Goes (@jdegoes), owing to his original founding of the project and continued
investments in it. While John adheres to the same code of conduct as everyone else,
he is entitled to override moderation decisions made by the steering committee.

We do not take the BDFL position lightly, especially with regards to moderation. John
has consistently shown he is level-headed and able to handle conflict responsibly. Feel
free to reach out to any member of the steering committee, including John himself,

> with any concern you might have.

Reviewer 4: 👍
